I had a comfortable economic situation.
For 20 years, I worked as the supervisor of a firm contracted by the oil industry.
My family of five, made up of my wife, my three daughters and myself, never had to worry about food.
One afternoon, as I watched the news on television, I learned that the company I worked for
had come under new management.
That Monday, when I went to work, I arrived at my office and found the new supervisor sitting in my chair
that I had occupied for 20 years.
I saw my resume in his hand.
He congratulated me for being a hard worker who was honest and productive.
But he said there was just one thing missing.
I needed to join a political party.
I replied as tactfully as I could, that my wife and I were Jehovah's Witnesses
and that we were neutral in political matters.
The mood quickly deteriorated.
Visibly angered, the supervisor's facial expression and tone of voice changed and he threatened me,
saying that if I did not join the political party, that would be my last day at work.
I did not sign it or join the political party because that would be like committing adultery
and keeping quiet about it.
I would feel as if I had betrayed Jehovah.
I could have signed and kept my old job, but I knew my conscience would bother me for the rest of my life.
I would never be able to go to the congregation and serve as an elder, knowing that I had let Jehovah down.
Suddenly, I was unemployed.
I lost 20 years of work and the servants and seniority pay I was due.
My wife and my daughters were waiting for me.
And right then and there, we prayed together and asked Jehovah to please provide for us,
to please not let us be tempted beyond what we could bear.
We knew we were facing a huge test,
but that we would prevail because we had been obedient to Jehovah.
Since losing my job, I've done several different odd jobs like gardening and painting houses,
and at present I work with public transportation.
My daughter, Kinesareth, the second oldest, paints pictures and we sell them.
My wife makes food and homemade sweets, and we have learned other skills as well.
We have greatly simplified our life.
My wife and I were even invited to pioneer school in 2014.
Our two older daughters auxiliary pioneer from time to time,
and our youngest daughter, who is 13, was baptized.
Jehovah has never let us down.